Runtime 6.0.1 release notes (#1263)
astronomer/docs: software/runtime-release-notes.md

> For instructions on how to upgrade, read [Upgrade Airflow on Astronomer Software](manage-airflow-versions.md). For general product release notes, go to [Software release notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For upgrade instructions, see [Upgrade Airflow on Astronomer Software](manage-airflow-versions.md). For general product release notes, go to [Software release notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).
```

## Astro Runtime 6.0.1

- Release date: September 26, 2022
- Airflow version: 2.4.0

### Bug fixes 

- Fixed an issue where Astro users could not access task logs on Deployments using Runtime 6.0.0

> - Backported a fix to an issue where logs were not loading from Celery workers ([#26493](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/26493))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backported a fix to correct an issue where logs were not loading from Celery workers ([#26493](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/26493))
```
